# Prompt Log – Faustino, Felix Luis A.
**Project:** Syllabus & Curriculum Map (Knowledge Mapping)  
**Branch:** dev, feature/*
**Role:** Fullstack Developer

## Entry 1
**Date:** April 1, 2026
**Task:** feature/scaffold

**Prompt given to AI:**
"Let's plan for the scaffold from the tech stack of the site's main functionality:

A Knowledge Mapping web application that visualizes how courses connect — showing prerequisites, skills acquired, and knowledge built across an entire academic program.

This website will be used by students, teachers & faculty alike, and managed by admins. It will be similar to a framework like moodle, though this site will be used for a more specific knowledge distribution method."

**What the AI produced:**  
1. Drafts for the technical implementation of the scaffolding for the Knowledge Mapping application. Tech stacks were considered and decided as follows: React for frontend, Vite for building, Tailwind v4 for styling, Supabase for the authentication and database backend.
2. Built the project from the ground-up given the tech-stack considerations.

**What I changed / improved:** 
1. Used foundational React instead of Next.js as the scope of the current project does not demand SEO optimization and the performance of a production/business-ready app catered for a wide scale of users.
2. Optimized the folder structure by creating directories within /src, effectively improving this build's purpose as a scaffolding by making it easier for other developers to build upon.

**What I learned / decided:**  
The current iteration of the scaffolding is enough for other developers to build over, which will most likely be the UI developer. 


## Entry 2

**Date:** April 4, 2026
**Task:** feature/scaffold -> dev

**Prompt given to AI:**  
"Attached is the UI template provided by the UI/UX developer. Please improve the scaffolding by integrating these UI elements as placeholders - do not make anything functional just yet."

**What the AI produced:**  
A faithful recreation of the provided UI template, complete with sidebar, navbar, and a main page. Multiple buttons, widgets, and gizmos are found in the sidebar, navbar, and the main page.

**What I changed / improved:**  
Some buttons routed to different pages. These pages are not included in the sprint scope just yet, so additional prompts were needed to further clean the slate. Buttons were ensured to be non-functional and widgets were verified to be placeholders. The main page is wiped completely, as the content itself is also not a part of the current sprint.

**What I learned / decided:**  
The scaffolding itself is now completed. The addition of the UI elements from the work of the UI developer will ensure that everyone working over the scaffolding will be on the same page, and to ensure that functionalities built by several developers will not conflict with one another.

*Next entries will be added as I continue using AI for [task/s].*